chore: improve readme (#32)
cap-js/advanced-event-mesh: README.md

}
```

### Setting Up the Broker

> The broker itself must be created manually in SAP Integration Suite, advanced event mesh and trust must be established to the respective application in [SAP Cloud Identity Services](https://help.sap.com/docs/cloud-identity-services/cloud-identity-services), both for the Solace broker and the SEMP API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The broker itself must be created manually in SAP Integration Suite, advanced event mesh and trust must be established to the respective application in [SAP Cloud Identity Services](https://help.sap.com/docs/cloud-identity-services/cloud-identity-services), both for the Solace broker and the [SEMP API](https://docs.solace.com/Admin/[SEMP](https://docs.solace.com/Admin/SEMP/Using-SEMP.htm)/Using-SEMP.htm).
```

Reviewer: Just because it's the first mention after the restructuring.

}
```

### Broker Validation

Your app must be bound to an instance of service `SAP Integration Suite, advanced event mesh` with plan `aem-validation-service`.

> Please see [Validation of VMR Provisioning](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-integration-suite/advanced-event-mesh/validation-of-vmr-provisioning) for how-to as well as background information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see [Validation of VMR Provisioning](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-integration-suite/advanced-event-mesh/validation-of-vmr-provisioning) for more information.
```

### Additional Configuration Options { #options }

> Additional configuration options for the messaging service are:

Author: ```suggestion
Additional configuration options for the messaging service (i.e., `cds.requires.messaging`) are:
```

| `session` | [SessionProperties](https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/nodejs/solace.SessionProperties.html) | Used for [`createSession`](https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/nodejs/solace.SolclientFactory.html#createSession) |
| `queue`   | [createMsgVpnQueue](https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/swagger-ui/software-broker/config/index.html#/msgVpn/createMsgVpnQueue) | The queue object which is created via the [SEMP API](https://docs.solace.com/Admin/SEMP/Using-SEMP.htm) |
| `consumer` | [MessageConsumerProperties](https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/nodejs/solace.MessageConsumerProperties.html) | Used for [`createMessageConsumer`](https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/nodejs/solace.Session.html#createMessageConsumer) |
| `clientFactory` | [SolclientFactoryProperties](https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/nodejs/solace.SolclientFactoryProperties.html#SolclientFactoryProperties) | Used to create the [SolclientFactory](https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/nodejs/solace.SolclientFactory.html) instance |

> The default values can be found in the plugin's [package.json](https://github.com/cap-js/advanced-event-mesh/blob/main/package.json).

Reviewer: Is there a way to find the defaults using `cds env`?

Author: yes

<img width="459" alt="Screenshot 2025-05-23 at 11 38 51" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5d6aa9ae-645f-44d0-b975-1b031e3f914d" />

Author: https://github.com/cap-js/advanced-event-mesh/pull/32/commits/6a1a960bba82ce21020981083fe3af95acba5359

> The default values can be found in the plugin's [package.json](https://github.com/cap-js/advanced-event-mesh/blob/main/package.json).

Author: ```suggestion
The default values can be found in the plugin's [package.json](https://github.com/cap-js/advanced-event-mesh/blob/main/package.json).
As always, the effective configuration for your project can be queried via CLI command [`cds env`](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/node.js/cds-env).
```
